hey guys what's up its jr. cuber in this
video I'll be reviewing the YJ sooo long
the YJ soo long is a new cube by YJ why
he has been silent for some time now but
it seems as mo you who uses Y J's
Factory has inspired them to create some
newer speed cubes
however the Q was only six dollars
making it less than half the price of
your standard 15 dollar 3x3 and one of
the cheapest three by threes on the
market they say you get what you pay for
so is that true for this cube the YJ soo
long is a 56 millimeter puzzle I
personally can't tell too much
difference between 56 and 57 millimeter
puzzles and it doesn't affect me at all
the turning is smooth with a crisp field
the cube also feels very controlled and
stable clicking is easily 45 and can cut
paths on occasion and reverses your
standard 3/4 of a piece this corner
going along with the control feel I
mentioned earlier means that serious
lock ups aren't a problem for this cube
minor lockup still happened but this is
to be expected on any cube pops on this
key burn out a problem for me but the
mechanism suggested the cube may pop if
you have it on looser tensions the cube
does have torpedoes but they don't
appear to extend very far
however the wings on the edge pieces do
extend pretty far and it seems as though
that is what is keeping the cube from
popping the stickers on this cube are
the new YJ moe you shade they are the
same as before except for the much
brighter orange these stickers are high
in durability and I'm not having any
problems with chipping so far although
this cube may seem perfect I did have
one concern this cube is not as fast as
I would like it to be it takes more
force to make a turn and people who turn
lightly such as myself may have problems
I can't use this cube for very long as
it makes my hands tired after about
twenty Sol's however people who turn
with more force may enjoy this cube if
you turn very rough to increase your TPS
this cube will likely not overshoot and
lock up that was my only concern and it
all depends on your turning style
so overall the YJ soo long is quite a
good cube for the price the feel is
amazing corner cutting is standard major
lock ups don't happen and the cube
doesn't pop my only problem is that the
cube may be too slow and sluggish for
light Turner's however I would still
recommend the YJ soo long the feeling
performance is spectacular and the cube
would be my main if it wasn't so slow
however this may be a good choice if you
have a rep returning style so my overall
grade on this cube is a b-plus I love
the cube but it is just too slow for me
if you'd like to purchase this cube the
link is in the description so that's all
I can say for the YJ seulong if you like
this video give it a like and if you
haven't already done so subscribe it's
free thanks for watching guys bye